README.md, before:

# Hi, I'm Bao Nguyen 👋

📍 **Tucson, AZ** | 🤖 **Backend & AI Engineering** | 🚀 **CS Undergrad @ University of Arizona**

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-3776AB?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TypeScript-3178C6?style=flat-square&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Node.js-339933?style=flat-square&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-61DAFB?style=flat-square&logo=react&logoColor=black)
![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/-FastAPI-009688?style=flat-square&logo=fastapi&logoColor=white)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-PostgreSQL-4169E1?style=flat-square&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Django-092E20?style=flat-square&logo=django&logoColor=white)
![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Flutter-02569B?style=flat-square&logo=flutter&logoColor=white)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ED?style=flat-square&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat-square&logo=git&logoColor=white)

> CS junior specializing in backend development and AI engineering. Building production systems from VLM pipelines to full-stack apps - Python, FastAPI, PostgreSQL, Docker, and cloud.

<!-- 🔭 **[RepoExplainer](https://github.com/BaoNguyen09)** – AI-powered repo explanations so you can understand any codebase. -->

## Current Projects

- 📖 **[RepoExplainer](https://github.com/BaoNguyen09)** – AI-powered repo explanations so you can understand any codebase
- 🤝 **[az_quickstart](https://github.com/az-digital/az_quickstart)** – Open-source contributions

## Legacy Work

- 🍥 **[Dishcovery](https://github.com/BaoNguyen09/hackday-arizona)** — Real-time AI for food discovery based on where you are (Hack Arizona HackDay 2026)
- 🧠 **[GitHub Second Brain](https://github.com/BaoNguyen09/github-second-brain)** – MCP server so AI can explore GitHub codebases
- ☁️ **[Cloud Provisioner](https://github.com/BaoNguyen09/VM_Manager)** – One dashboard to access and control team VMs
- 🍦 **[Restaurant Management System](https://github.com/BaoNguyen09/csc_335_restaurant)** – Desktop app for orders, billing, and sales analytics
- 🎵 **[Music Library](https://github.com/BaoNguyen09/csc335_music_library)** – CLI to manage music collections with search, playlists, and auth
- 💬 **[Anonymous Chat](https://github.com/matthewsong18/csc337-final-project)** – Anonymous group chats with real-time messaging and polls

<!--
## Featured / Side Project (closed source or main product)

- 🍭 **[YourProjectName](https://yoursite.com)** -- Short description
-->

<!--
## Legacy Work

- 📄 **[Past Project](https://link)** -- Short description
-->

## GitHub Activity

![GitHub Contribution Graph](https://ghchart.rshah.org/BaoNguyen09)
[![GitHub Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com?user=baonguyen09)](https://git.io/streak-stats)

<!-- <p align="left">
  <img width="45%" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=baonguyen09&show_icons=true&locale=en&show=prs_merged_percentage&hide=issues&rank_icon=percentile" alt="baonguyen09" />
  <img width="47.8%" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=baonguyen09&" alt="baonguyen09" />
</p> -->

## What I'm Doing

- **Building** -- [RepoExplainer](https://github.com/BaoNguyen09), [GitHub Second Brain](https://github.com/BaoNguyen09/github-second-brain), and contributing to [az_quickstart](https://github.com/az-digital/az_quickstart)
- **Working** -- Web Developer & Analyst @ University of Arizona IT (CI/CD, Drupal, automation); previously Software Developer Intern @ Tucson Loves Music (VLM pipelines, Playwright), Software Engineer Intern @ Phocos (Flutter, 5k+ app downloads)
- **Learning** -- Backend development, AI/ML engineering, system design (BS Computer Science, Minor in AI, May 2027)
- **Reach me** -- **thienbao05@arizona.edu** · [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/thienbao05) · [thienbao.dev](https://thienbao.dev)

<!--
## Latest Blog Posts

If you use a blog (e.g. Hashnode, Dev.to, or your own site), you can auto-generate this with a workflow:
- [Post Title](https://yoursite.com/post-slug)
-->

## Connect

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Bao_Nguyen-0077B5?style=flat-square&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/thienbao05)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Follow-181717?style=flat-square&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/BaoNguyen09)
[![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/-thienbao.dev-4285F4?style=flat-square&logo=google-chrome&logoColor=white)](https://thienbao.dev)
[![Substack](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Substack-FF6719?style=flat-square&logo=substack&logoColor=white)](https://substack.com/@baonguyen986236)
<!-- [![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/-@yourhandle-1DA1F2?style=flat-square&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/yourhandle) -->

---

<!--
### Recognition

- Featured in **[Publication/Newsletter](https://link)** -- What for
- Speaker / Talk title and link
- X GitHub stars across projects
-->

<!--
### Media

- **[Interview/Podcast Title](https://youtube.com/...)** -- Short description
-->

### Philosophy

> "Iteration beats perfection" - I build tools to solve my own problems, then share them with the world.

<details>
<summary>Random Facts</summary>

- 🦁 Lion dancer
- 🏃 Hobby runner
- 🎓 Founder & President, Hack Path Student Association @ University of Arizona (190+ members; workshops, tech talks with alumni from Google, Amazon, Meta)

</details>

<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=baonguyen09&label=Profile+Views&color=0e75b6&style=for-the-badge&abbreviated=true" alt="baonguyen09" /> </p>

Commit message:

Update README with new project and link changes
Added Sparr project to current projects and updated RepoExplainer link in legacy work.

README.md, after:

# Hi, I'm Bao Nguyen 👋

📍 **Tucson, AZ** | 🤖 **Backend & AI Engineering** | 🚀 **CS Undergrad @ University of Arizona**

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-3776AB?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TypeScript-3178C6?style=flat-square&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Node.js-339933?style=flat-square&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-61DAFB?style=flat-square&logo=react&logoColor=black)
![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/-FastAPI-009688?style=flat-square&logo=fastapi&logoColor=white)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-PostgreSQL-4169E1?style=flat-square&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Django-092E20?style=flat-square&logo=django&logoColor=white)
![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Flutter-02569B?style=flat-square&logo=flutter&logoColor=white)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ED?style=flat-square&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat-square&logo=git&logoColor=white)

> CS junior specializing in backend development and AI engineering. Building production systems from VLM pipelines to full-stack apps - Python, FastAPI, PostgreSQL, Docker, and cloud.

<!-- 🔭 **[RepoExplainer](https://github.com/BaoNguyen09)** – AI-powered repo explanations so you can understand any codebase. -->

## Current Projects

- 🗣️ **[Sparr](https://github.com/Baonguyen09/sparr)** - AI interview coach that knows you and your progress.
- 🤝 **[az_quickstart](https://github.com/az-digital/az_quickstart)** – Open-source contributions

## Legacy Work

- 📖 **[RepoExplainer](https://github.com/BaoNguyen09/repo-explainer)** – AI repo explanations so you can understand any codebase
- 🍥 **[Dishcovery](https://github.com/BaoNguyen09/hackday-arizona)** — Real-time AI for food discovery based on where you are (Hack Arizona HackDay 2026)
- 🧠 **[GitHub Second Brain](https://github.com/BaoNguyen09/github-second-brain)** – MCP server so AI can explore GitHub codebases
- ☁️ **[Cloud Provisioner](https://github.com/BaoNguyen09/VM_Manager)** – One dashboard to access and control team VMs
- 🍦 **[Restaurant Management System](https://github.com/BaoNguyen09/csc_335_restaurant)** – Desktop app for orders, billing, and sales analytics
- 🎵 **[Music Library](https://github.com/BaoNguyen09/csc335_music_library)** – CLI to manage music collections with search, playlists, and auth
- 💬 **[Anonymous Chat](https://github.com/matthewsong18/csc337-final-project)** – Anonymous group chats with real-time messaging and polls

<!--
## Featured / Side Project (closed source or main product)

- 🍭 **[YourProjectName](https://yoursite.com)** -- Short description
-->

<!--
## Legacy Work

- 📄 **[Past Project](https://link)** -- Short description
-->

## GitHub Activity

![GitHub Contribution Graph](https://ghchart.rshah.org/BaoNguyen09)
[![GitHub Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com?user=baonguyen09)](https://git.io/streak-stats)

<!-- <p align="left">
  <img width="45%" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=baonguyen09&show_icons=true&locale=en&show=prs_merged_percentage&hide=issues&rank_icon=percentile" alt="baonguyen09" />
  <img width="47.8%" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=baonguyen09&" alt="baonguyen09" />
</p> -->

## What I'm Doing

- **Building** -- [RepoExplainer](https://github.com/BaoNguyen09), [GitHub Second Brain](https://github.com/BaoNguyen09/github-second-brain), and contributing to [az_quickstart](https://github.com/az-digital/az_quickstart)
- **Working** -- Web Developer & Analyst @ University of Arizona IT (CI/CD, Drupal, automation); previously Software Developer Intern @ Tucson Loves Music (VLM pipelines, Playwright), Software Engineer Intern @ Phocos (Flutter, 5k+ app downloads)
- **Learning** -- Backend development, AI/ML engineering, system design (BS Computer Science, Minor in AI, May 2027)
- **Reach me** -- **thienbao05@arizona.edu** · [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/thienbao05) · [thienbao.dev](https://thienbao.dev)

<!--
## Latest Blog Posts

If you use a blog (e.g. Hashnode, Dev.to, or your own site), you can auto-generate this with a workflow:
- [Post Title](https://yoursite.com/post-slug)
-->

## Connect

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Bao_Nguyen-0077B5?style=flat-square&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/thienbao05)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Follow-181717?style=flat-square&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/BaoNguyen09)
[![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/-thienbao.dev-4285F4?style=flat-square&logo=google-chrome&logoColor=white)](https://thienbao.dev)
[![Substack](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Substack-FF6719?style=flat-square&logo=substack&logoColor=white)](https://substack.com/@baonguyen986236)
<!-- [![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/-@yourhandle-1DA1F2?style=flat-square&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/yourhandle) -->

---

<!--
### Recognition

- Featured in **[Publication/Newsletter](https://link)** -- What for
- Speaker / Talk title and link
- X GitHub stars across projects
-->

<!--
### Media

- **[Interview/Podcast Title](https://youtube.com/...)** -- Short description
-->

### Philosophy

> "Iteration beats perfection" - I build tools to solve my own problems, then share them with the world.

<details>
<summary>Random Facts</summary>

- 🦁 Lion dancer
- 🏃 Hobby runner
- 🎓 Founder & President, Hack Path Student Association @ University of Arizona (190+ members; workshops, tech talks with alumni from Google, Amazon, Meta)

</details>

<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=baonguyen09&label=Profile+Views&color=0e75b6&style=for-the-badge&abbreviated=true" alt="baonguyen09" /> </p>
